If you've ever been scared of your own
rage, this is going to be a great video
for you to watch. In this coaching
session, I work with a woman who's got a
ton of trauma that she's been trying to
work through, and she finds out that
rage is actually the key.
>> Excuse my self-consciousness. Um,
my heart's pounding, but um
I've been I've done a lot of work on
myself. I'm in my 50s,
and I've peeled back the layers. I'm
kind of a train wreck. Um, but at the
bottom of it is deep, deep rage
that the little me that
endured tremendous trauma couldn't hold
in her body, so she left.
>> And
it it I have so much history of self-
sabotage.
Um, and I've learned how to stop doing
that in any blatant way, but I keep
sabotaging myself. I've had all these
chronic illnesses like mold mold illness
and
>> Gotcha. Here, do me a favor. Just before
we go before we go into the question,
>> just um
>> it can't be directed at yourself, but uh
maybe it's a parent that told you it or
maybe it's society. I don't care. But I
just want you to before we get started,
just 10 times go, "Fuck you. I'm not a
train wreck."
>> "Fuck you, I'm not a train wreck. [__]
you, I'm not a train wreck. [__] you, I
am not a train wreck."
That was four. Come on.
>> Oh, more.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> [__] you. I'm not a train wreck. [__]
you. I am not a train wreck. [__] you. I
am not a train wreck.
>> Okay. So, the only thing is you're doing
it in a way that like you're trying to
convince yourself. This is like you're
dominating.
Dominate.
[__] you. No. [__] you. I'm not a train
wreck.
I have this this fear holds me back. I'm
so afraid I'm gonna It feels like this
fear of annihilation like I'm going to
hurt.
>> You are. No, you're going to get
annihilated.
>> Somebody wait.
You are going to get annihilated.
That's right. That's how this works.
>> The identity The identity The identity
of being a train wreck is about to
[__] get annihilated.
I feel like it's me or somebody else.
You know,
>> it's you.
You think you're a train wreck. You That
is not going to last if you do this.
>> I think I think I'm angry because I know
deep down I'm not a train wreck. But
that was put on me at a young age.
>> Yeah. So then
>> like [__] you. That's not true.
>> That is not who I am. I am not a train
wreck. That is not It's just
>> so [__] wrong. Great. Now do it
dominating.
>> That's not me either. I'm not I
>> I'm not saying it is you. It's just
an exercise.
>> This is
>> [__] you. [__] you. I'm not a train
wreck. It's just you're dominating
>> that thing that says you're a train
wreck. That person.
>> I want to just do it in my head
silently. And I know that's not an
option. [laughter]
that side stepping.
>> It's It's my body just wants to rage. It
can't even be put into words, you know?
>> It can.
[__] you. I'm not a train wreck.
>> [__] you. I am not a train wreck.
>> Still not dominating. I feel like now
I'm trying to convince you.
>> That's right. That's No, you're trying
to convince yourself and me and the
world. That's not what I'm asking you to
do.
>> Deep
>> down. I know I'm not. And that's part of
>> Well, then fine. That should be easy,
>> right? [snorts]
[__] you. I am not a train wreck.
>> Look at me in the eyes and say it to me.
>> [__] you. I am not a train wreck. It's
>> closer.
>> [__] you. I am not a train wreck.
[__] you. I am not a train wreck.
>> So, there's like a little victim in it,
right? There's a little like, no, don't.
You're not going to tell me I'm a train
wreck. No, this is dominate.
>> [__] you. I am not a train wreck.
[__] you. I am not a train wreck. [__]
you.
There we are.
Yeah. Let that out. Let it out.
Yeah. Let it shake. Let it let let it
>> let it Let it shake. Let those arms
those legs. Let Yeah. Do it.
>> Yeah. It is because that's what you are.
That bottomless thing that you are
avoiding, that is actually you.
That's what you've been looking for.
Hold on. Hold on.
>> Rage.
>> Great.
Great.
>> I'm like shaking from the rage.
>> Great.
>> And I can't go back and change like
>> be in the rage. Don't be in the victim.
Be in the rage.
>> So [__] pissed.
>> Yeah. Great.
>> Not okay. It was not
>> correct.
Words. Use the words. Let the RAGE OUT.
>> [__] OFF.
>> YEAH. THERE WE GO. [__] YES.
Don't hold it back. Come on.
All that energy to hold that back.
And
then I'm pissed that I've let it run my
life for 50 years. Like, [__] you. [__]
you.
[__]
>> Yeah.
>> I never gave permission. I never said,
"Okay.
So, less of the victim, more of the
rage.
Look, I don't think you're
>> And then I get pissed at myself for
being the victim. And then
>> look, look at look look at me. I am
pushing you right now. What makes that
the case? Because I [__] know. I know
you're capable.
>> Oh, you know. Well, I know. You know.
>> Yeah. So just do the
>> do the rage. Don't do the victim rage.
Do the rage rage.
>> I got you. I'm right here.
>> I know. I know. You can take it, too.
>> Yeah.
>> I really appreciate it. I don't have to
care caretake you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's right.
>> And too many people have to be
caretaken. [laughter] Yeah. So
>> we are here with you.
The problem, Joe, is that I have to look
at you as my perpetrator, and it's
really hard
to get all that rage out, and I don't
I don't want to.
But yeah,
I just
>> There it is.
Yeah, that
>> I'm tired of being the victim
and I don't I don't want to be the
victim anymore.
>> I am not
the victim.
>> I am not the victim. I was the victim
and I'm not anymore.
I couldn't say no before and now I can
say [__] off.
>> There we go. There you are.
>> And I'm going to use that
for good [__]
I'm tired of turning my energy, my rage
on.
>> I will not
>> I will not turn my rage on myself. I
will not. I will not. It deserves to be
turned on people who are [__] over
other people. It's not okay.
It's not. And it's too much of that in
this world. There's too much like
>> there's the victim gets
>> Yeah. It's Look at that. You see it. You
see it. You know it. Yeah.
>> Hear it in my voice. I feel it.
>> And then I have to not judge myself for
that. I have to not turn that on myself.
And that's
>> I I love your victim. Like, yeah, great.
I'm okay with it being
>> I love my like younger me and I I love
her.
>> But even the victim, even this part.
>> Okay.
>> You don't have to do [__] But
>> I don't want to love the victim. It's
>> I know.
I know.
because it feels so
powerless and weak.
>> Yeah.
>> I just have such a hard time with that.
>> Yeah. See if you can love the powerless
weak part of me for a minute.
>> Oh yeah. Other people I
listen me I
>> Yeah. So wait, hold on. Do it. Wait.
Wait. Stop talking. Stop talking. Do it.
Do it.
>> Do what? Love love the helpless in
non-capable
victim in me.
>> In you.
>> In me.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then just turn it towards
yourself.
>> There's a wall.
Same wall that stops the rage.
How do I
>> no
>> floor that wall? Understand?
>> No, no, no, no, no. None of that
[__]
You've been around this block way too
many times.
>> I'm very heady actually.
>> I know. Just do the thing. Just do the
love.
>> Just love like you loved me. Okay.
>> Just love you that same way. Just turn
it. There's no how to.
Okay.
Now, this is going to be weird, but that
rage that you had at that moment and
this love that you have, do you feel how
they're the same thing?
>> Yes. It's like fear and excitement and
joy. I've been playing with that one.
>> Yeah.
>> That's really helping me with my fear.
Stop thinking about just getting contact
with the thing that you felt in both.
Wait, no. Come back to me.
>> Wait, come back to me. Don't try to
think about it.
Right. There was you in the rage when
the victim wasn't there and there was
you loving yourself. Wait. Hey, come
back. Come back.
Yeah. There. Just don't try to
intellectually just feel how they have
something in common.
Yeah,
it's
it it it's it's all the the opposite
side of the coin of numbness that I've
felt.
>> That's right.
>> For so long. It's this pulsing aliveness
that makes me shake.
>> Yeah.
>> So alive in it and that's rightful.
>> And of course you had to be numb. Of
course.
>> Of course. Of course. So, I know,
>> you know, that's why I said at the
beginning, this is my issue because I've
had layers of anxiety and depression and
but I know that's just layers. The core
of this rage.
>> Yeah. So, you're coming back to life
from a numbness that was required.
>> And there you are again.
>> I feel it in my fire.
>> Yeah, I see. second and third ch. Sorry,
don't mean to be hippie. Second and
third chakra.
>> It's all right.
>> But um yeah, I I I I
Yeah, it's intense. It's I I heard you
say one of your
>> So, hold on. Stop talking.
>> Second. Second and third. Yeah. Stop.
Second and third. Feel it for a second.
Now, let it go all the way through the
top and the bottom.
>> Keep your eyes open with me.
>> Oh, wow. It's really opening up my lower
half of my body.
>> Yeah. Now all the way up to the top. St.
Stay with me. Stay
>> all the Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> That's so intense.
I think I might need to go for a run
after this. [laughter]
>> I'm gonna implode. [laughter]
>> I hope so.
>> Thank you, Joe. What a pleasure. Total
pleasure. Good to be with you.
>> Thanks for watching the video. And if
you're interested in this level of
conversation, you don't have to wait for
me or wait for a coaching session. It's
something that happens all the time in
our connection course. So if you're
interested in something like that, you
can just click on the link below.